Chess UseCase:

Chess Rules to remember:
	Piece Movement Patterns
		Remember that the king cannot move to areas where it will be "Checked"
		When King and Rook have not moved, they can "Castle"
		Castling can only occur if there is nothing in the way of the 2 jump towards the rook TO "Castle"
		Remember that Pawns can jump 2 spaces forward if they start, once otherwise, and Only capture diagonally.
		When a pawn makes it to the end of the Board, they get promoted.
		En Passe: If a pawn makes a 2 square jump, and it lands next to your pawn, that pawn can jump diagonally behind it, and capture it. 
	When to call Check, or Checkmate!(Winning)
	When to call Stalemate(TIE!)


When you open the program, it will say: 
"Thank you for playing Chess. Please
select option:
	1. Single Player
	2. Multiplayer
	3. Load
	4. Exit"

The first two options will create a new board instance:
	Single player will create a board with 1 Player Object, 1 Artificial<Player Object and a board with a new setup.

	Multiplayer will create a board with 2 Player Objects. As well as a board with a new board setup.

	Load will load from the 'save-file.yml' in the main directory. If the file does not exist, then it will prompt back to the main options list.

	Exit simply exits the game.

As for the gameplay, it will begin with the White player. The game will take turns for each player. One each until either a checkmate takes place, or a stalemate takes place. 

for each turn [Player, Player2] take the first player, show them their display (Which will have the board with their pieces at the bottom of the board.), and then ask for input, where the player will input the Coordinates of the piece that they would like to control. At any point, the player may select "save" which will put the player back into the Array, and save the state of the baord in YAML, then get the player and continue to ask which coordinate. Once selected, if it's a correct coordinate, we will mark the potential positions for this piece on the map, and ask the player to select one of the coordinates displayed to move the piece, or type "back" to go back to piece select. Once typed, it will move the piece to the location. Once turn is complete, add the current player back to the end of the Player arrays

Once complete, it will print "#{Player} has won! Checkmate!" or "Stalemate! Tie between both players" and ask if they would like to play again. If the response is "No" or similar, then the game is over. Anything else, and they will be sent back to the Selection Menu.

Sequence:

1.) Puts the welcome Message
2.) Puts the Selection Screen.
	2a.) If Single player is selected, create a new board with [Player, AI] player Array
	2b.) If Multi player is selected, create a new baord with [Player, Player] player Array
	2c.) If Load is selected, set the board to the Board Loaded from the save file.
	2d.) if exit is selected, exit the game.
LOOP START
3.) Board.turn will take the next player in queue to take a turn
4.) The player who's turn it is will have their board displayed
5.) The player will then enter Coordinates of the Piece they wish to move
	5a.) If the coordinate is either empty, or invalid raise an Error.
	5b.) Invalid means either not our piece, or no moves available.
	5c.) If input is "save" then we will place the player back to the front of the queue, and save the state of the board. Then remove the player from the front of the board so they can continue playing or exit
6.) If valid, it will return an array of coordinates where they can move the Board
7.) Clean that array of coordinates that are invalid moves.
	7a.) If there are no legal moves to make, raise an Error
	7b.) Return to Piece selection
8.) Display the board again, with marks displaying legal moves for that piece.
9.) Have the player select the position to move the piece to.
	9a.) If the player selects 'Back' have the player go back to Piece select
10.) Move the piece to that position
11.) Once the turn is over, add the player to the back of the queue
12.) End of loop, checking for Victory, or Stalemate
13.) If the game is not over, have the next player take the turn, and repeat this until there is a checkmate/tie